Full-Stack Program Documentation Template
1. Overview
Program Name: TINDER-Customers
Purpose/Goal: helpting to automate the tinder results by auto likes and auto messages ( for the first likes) and by that givingi 
 you more results with less efforts. 
Target Audience: people from 18 years old and more that want to improve the results in the online app. 
and pepole who wants no to waste lots of times on swiping , and messaging. 
2. Technologies Used
Frontend:
Technologies/Frameworks: Next js , react js , 
Styling: CSS,Tailwind CSS
Backend:
Server:  Node.js
Database: firebase
Additional Tools:
Version Control: ChatGpt api, tinderApi, machine learning, Git
Deployment: localhost 
3. Architecture
High-Level Architecture: in the app there are 3 main pages, 
    main: changing settings of the user according to filters he wants to cerate. :
        filters: with/without messages, likes according to preference, (Trans, women , want sex , want realsionship), and choose if the women looks good/ or not matter, ( this according to algo that I trained on israelies)
    info: show the information per user, show diagrams of month with the likes and messages, so you can see the amount of production of the algo . 
        you can also see who did you make like to and who you pass 
    msgOrder: because of the big amount of likes and messages, lots of times, messages or going down on  tinder to the bottom and you are missign them, so by that , you can show the user all the conversations that
        this is the time of YOU to message back , when I dont show you more messages its mean that you reply to all of them
    analitics: another app which allready deployed and connected to the same fireabse db . so it can show lots of infos: messages, errors, actions in db , like and passes . 
Data Flow: there is a fireabse db connction to save customers likes and messages for each customer. 
        there is an intergration with tinder API 
        there is integrtion with CHAT GPT API inroder to know the languge of the conutry I am in ( in preimium you can be on travel mode )
        there is a messaging system that uses 3 files for starting a convo , each file has around 20 starters . and each fiele is in different language ( hebrew, english ,spanish ). according to the CHAT GPT rseponese , I know what file to use . 
4. Setup Instructions
Prerequisites: List any requirements needed to run the program (e.g., software, environment setups).
Installation Steps:
Step 1: Clone/download the repository
Step 2: npm run dev 
Step 3: need the env file from me . 
Step 4: change the NEXT_PUBLIC_MY_TINDER_TOKEN_ID to be your own token  ( get it from tinder devtoole , under applications, under localstorage , under TinderWeb/APIToken) 
    this token is valid for at least 24 hours and will need to be replaced
Running the Application: npm run dev 
5. Features and Functionality
User authentication : I am (Lee ) the only use that can logged in to the system and operates it (  and this is because I cannot deploy it anyway because of cors protection from tinder side . )
Data visualization
Interactive elements tinder-analitics ( another software which connect to the same db , and show the info per customer)
db collections : users, customers, likes , messages, infos. 